---
description: 4th February 2024 to 10th February 2024
---

# Week 6

## Tuesday 6th February 2024


### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Working Docs:
  - [Test](Test)

#### Narrative:
tests


#### Action Items:
- [action] testest [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:



### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: André [facilitator], 
- Miro board: Test
- Working Docs:
  - [Test](Test)

#### Narrative:
tests


#### Decision Items:
- TEst

#### Action Items:
- [action] testest [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- Test



## Wednesday 7th February 2024



### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: André [facilitator], 
- Purpose: qwdwq
- Transcript: wdqw
- Working Docs:


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114" %}

Testing GitBook embed url and timestamps

[03:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=236s) qwdqwsad333333
[22:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=1331s) qwdqw2233333333
[1:00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=3600s) 23r32r
[23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=23s) 3e23e
[5:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=300s) 123

#### Narrative:
test


#### Keywords/tags:

### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: André [facilitator], 
- Purpose: qwdwq
- Transcript: wdqw

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114" %}

Testing GitBook embed url and timestamps

[03:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=236s) qwdqwsad333333
[22:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=1331s) qwdqw2233333333
[1:00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=3600s) 23r32r
[23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=23s) 3e23e
[5:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=300s) 123

#### Narrative:
test


#### Keywords/tags:

### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: André [facilitator], 
- Purpose: qwdwq
- Transcript: wdqw

#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114" %}

Testing GitBook embed url and timestamps

[03:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=236s) qwdqwsad333333
[22:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=1331s) qwdqw2233333333
[1:00:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=3600s) 23r32r
[23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=23s) 3e23e
[5:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=300s) 123

#### Narrative:
test


#### Keywords/tags:
## Thursday 8th February 2024








### Treasury Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- People present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Miro, Emotu, Vanessa, Peter, Rojo, William, Headelf, Guilermo, Sucren
- Purpose: Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities
- Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764574789806585&cot=10
- Transcript: https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240
- Working Docs:
  - [Treasury Guild Dework Space](https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240)
  - [Treasury Quaterly Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Treasury Guild Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-t5dMIadOnIyFc_zCRRcvZ1Zplm2Pg5_KGdrx60TG9w/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Differentiating long-term (core) contributors - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- Default System Criteria to recognise Core Contributors
- Additional options to become a Core contributor
- Downsides of differentiating Core contributors

#### Decision Items:
- Core Contributors can also be nominated
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Core Contributors will have a higher weight in the decisions
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Policy Rules are ratified in the Governance Workgroup
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 2 - Staking AGIX - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Ethical concerns
- Education on Staking AGIX
- Social effect when staking AGIX
- How AGIX staking works and its purpose

#### Decision Items:
- Currently, we will not start staking Ambassador Program Reserved AGIX due to ethical concerns
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 3 - 2024 Treasury Budget Quarter 1 - [carry over]

#### Discussion Points:
- How could we lower our budget requests to fit the Ambassador Budget?
- How could we improve the Ambassador Program Quarterly Budget Sheet?

#### Decision Items:
- Move back to create proposals and budget requests in stable values (USD) and AGIX conversion applied at the ambassador program budget level
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will not include a budget for new ideas and potential experiments in Quarter 1
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Include a new column that links to budget proposals to the Ambassador Program Quarterly Budget Sheet [assignee] Tevo [status] todo
- [action] Wait for other workgroups to deliver their budget proposal [due] 8 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Every workgroup is expected to remove the budget for unplanned items [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Miro Board, Budget , Quarter 1, Staking, Proposals, AGIX, Stable Value, Ethics
- emotions: We had quite a tension around discussing the differentiation of core contributors and how it's done

### Gamers Guild

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- People present: Slate [facilitator], devon [documenter], malik, rebel, hufiumer69, shehroze, Gorga Siagian
- Working Docs:
  - [Budget Request For Q1 (Gamers Guild)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iyZmt4H1-Gy2AVsi2CVkJr5wUbezWm9HK3XCu8T83AE/edit#gid=0)

#### Narrative:
Showcasing the Roblox game 
Q1 budget proposal discussion
Roadmap Discussion of "SingularityNet Ambassador Program on Roblox"




#### Decision Items:
- Devon and Flyn to create map graphic for SingularityNet Ambassador Program on Roblox
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Hufiumer to give townhall updates for the month of February
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Agreed upon 100-200 USD reward per department created on Roblox 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Educational Session to take place in the next meeting for "How to use Roblox Studio"
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Map graphic for ambassador program on Roblox [assignee] devon, flyn [due] 17 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Townhall Updates  [assignee] hufiumer69 [due] 28 February 2024 [status] in progress

#### Game Rules:
The person with the least amount of deaths wins.


#### Leaderboard:
- 1st Devon

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards, Roles, Budget , infographic
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative
- other: Test
- games played: Roblox

### Video Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: Rojo [facilitator], devon [documenter], cardano_class, Duke, lord kizzy, malik, Slate, Zalfred, lilycupcake, killy, hogantuso
#### Discussion Points:
- Rojo as the facilitator gave a bit of an update from the ambassador program ecosystem about BGI content planning and brainstorming  
- There was a discussion about who will represent the workgroup in BGI summit    
- There was a discussion of Quarterly budget
- Devon as the task manager gave an update about the weekly tasks
- Malik as the social media manager gave updates about posting clips and townhall video edits and summary 
- There was a discussion about how to improve social media management by making it less about posting and more about engaging community 
- There was a discussion about the tool to be developed by RnD guild that will facilitate  social media management. 
- There was a discussion about the seniority of members
- There was a discussion about improving the quality of content

#### Decision Items:
- Members and their roles were decided as follows:
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lord Kizzy - Task manager
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Malik - Social Media Manager
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Devon - Meeting Summarizer
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Lilycupcake - Townhall video editor
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- HoganTuso - Weekly meeting Facilitator
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Cardano_Class - Townhall Summary editor
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Members to be responsible for their newly selected recurring tasks immediately for the duration of 1 month [assignee] Anyone [due] 1 March 1 [status] todo
- [action] Training of members for new roles [assignee] Rojo [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: BGI, social media management, Q4 report, Ambassador Program marketing, Task Assignment
- emotions: Friendly, Collaborative

### Onboarding Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: LadyTempestt [facilitator], Onyeka  [documenter], Sucren, Vanessa, Peter, esewilliams, Tevo, Cjfrankie, Slate, Precious, Duke, lord kizzy, LadyTempestt
- Working Docs:
  - [SNET Onboarding WG Task Reward Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1mwFPPabzXLixDG_LkKvFp5tRER30sxT_wGV3ySt-MZ4/edit)
  - [Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BBogj9rAO52cpdGP3uvp8hAHNa4Qw66lz9JLjSC2yVs/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [GETTING STARTED CHANNEL / overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4dhediWgcbgAP3Wfsky_-roVyfCUe6xi-dhBdHbU4s/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding WG - how can we support other WGs to onboard new people in their meetings](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fYx3CXgT-NGi19TmBUxS3lTMu93Hx68cpGST8TED9cA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Onboarding Workgroup MIRO](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM5jyehQ=/ )
  - [F&D roster](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vi3nnsf-hzG9sGie2iv7poAYvImY1G1hEzvgChMOwHw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Town Hall Updates:
-Thanks to those who participated in our Continuous onboarding sessions
-Onboarding session on the 8th February 2024.
-We have more people joining the Onboarding Workgroup and talk on the criterias for you to become a member.
-Quarterly Budget Report.



#### Discussion Points:
- Minutes of last Meeting 
- Action items from last meeting 
- Next Ambassador TH Update
- Twitter thread on the Getting started channel 
- Continuous Onboarding Session Report
- Onboarding Workgroup Facilitation and Documentation Roster 
- Q4 Quarterly report 
- Budget for Q1

#### Decision Items:
- We agreed to set a deadline (15th of February) for the Onboarding Session Report.
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that the asynchronous input from R&D, Education and Strategy can be added as comments to the Report.
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We have decided to create a Twitter tweet to announce our Onboarding session. 
  - [opposing] None
- We decided to split the Facilitation of the Onboarding Session into 4 parts 
  - [opposing] None

#### Action Items:
- [action] Sucren to speak to Mikasa to create a tweet to announce the Onboarding session  [assignee] Sucren [due] 1 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action]  Lady Tempestt to create a resource, with ideas for how WGs can support continuous onboarding [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 1 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to make the necessary corrections to the Onboarding Session slides  [assignee] Vanessa [due] 1 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to create a report on Continuous Onboarding (1st draft bring to meeting on 15th) [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 15 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lord Kizzy to give the onboarding updates in the next TH meeting  [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 30 January 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to  share the infographic to announce the Onboarding session on the 8th of February [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 2024-01-11 [status] todo

#### Learning Points:
- GMBLS has been changed to MINS

#### Issues:
- The Onboarding Session.
- The Continuous Onboarding Report 
- The Question on Guilds and WorkGroups

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Guilds , Onboarding, TH Update , Roles, Budget 
- emotions: Collaborative, speedy , funny , Thoughtful , Friendly

### Writers Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: André [facilitator], Felix [documenter], Tevo
- Working Docs:
  - [test](https://test.com)

#### Narrative:
Narrative text


#### Decision Items:
- Decision 1
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Test action [assignee] Miro [due] 9 February 2024 [status] done

#### Learning Points:
- Making a template for writers workgroup
- Another learning point

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Governance
- emotions: Casual

### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: André [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Felix
- Purpose: Test
- Town Hall Number: 15
- Working Docs:
  - [Test](www.test.com)


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114" %}

TEsting video

[00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=0s) Intro
[1:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=75s) Test


#### Slides:
{% embed url="https://google.slides.com" %}

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards
- emotions: Casual



### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: André [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Felix
- Purpose: Test
- Town Hall Number: 15
- Working Docs:
  - [Test](www.test.com)


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114" %}

TEsting video

[00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=0s) Intro
[1:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=75s) Test


#### Slides:
{% embed url="https://google.slides.com" %}

#### Town Hall Summary:
Testing new template


#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards
- emotions: Casual



### Ambassador Town Hall

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- Present: André [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Felix
- Purpose: Test
- Town Hall Number: 15
- Working Docs:
  - [Test](www.test.com)


#### Timestamped video:
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114" %}

TEsting video

[00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=0s) Intro
[1:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y0-IfRW114\&t=75s) Test


#### Slides:
{% embed url="https://google.slides.com" %}

#### Town Hall Summary:
Testing new template


#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Rewards
- emotions: Casual


## Friday 9th February 2024



### Education Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Weekly
- People present: Headelf [facilitator], Slate [documenter], Slate, devon, osmium, Headelf, malik, duke peter, Peter
- Purpose: ACP Video/Infographics and Setting Up Quizzes
#### Meeting Topics:
- ACP Quizzes discussion
- Slate's "TrueAGI" video 
- Feedback and further discussion 

#### Discussion Points:
- Headelf welcomed everyone and discussed the ACP quizzes system which were supposed to be set up 
- The one good point which was raised was by Duke Peter that whether or not to include repetitive questions in each spinoff projects. He also asked whether the question are going to be open book or not ? because if not then there might be some scenarios for cheating and answering questions by keeping the video and infographics infront of them to answer them.
- HeadElf replied to Duke concerns through an example that having open book exams are not that effective as its kind of a rat chase where people start to cram through everything they find which may or may not be useful and is not a good way to keep information in your mind.
- Slate said that his video on "True AGI" is completed he would like to show his video to everyone after approval of his request headelf screenshared his video which then everybody saw.
- Headelf sought opinions on the video's content and quality
- Everybody liked the video overall and were happy with the quality of the video
- Peter  pointed out a mistake in the video which was that "True AGi " was not invented by DR ben goertzel but rather was just popularized by him.
- Slate said that he will rectify the mistake and post the video on dework.
- HeadElf then shared the document for the SNet infographics and marked the one which are done as dark green and green for the ones which are assigned. He then assigned left infographics to the present particpants between (Malik,Osmium & Duke Peter). 
- HeadElf also notified that he has assigned some task for the app research for strategy guild, and would love everybody's participation and hard work for the reports.

#### Decision Items:
- Slate Video was approved 
  - [opposing] Change invented to popularized 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- Assigned the rest of the infographics to the participants 
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Work on the reports and the infographics  [assignee] everyone assigned  [due] 7 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Post the meeting summary  [assignee] Slate [due] 31 January 2024 [status] done
- [action] Fix the video and post it on dework  [assignee] Slate [due] 31 January 2024 [status] done

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Meeting Summaries, ACP, Videomaking, infographic, quizzes
- emotions: Collaborative, contructive criticism

### Knowledge Base Workgroup

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- People present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Peter, lord kizzy
- Purpose: Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook
- Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN-9yivE=/?moveToWidget=3458764574355478962&cot=10
- Working Docs:
  - [Knowledge Base WG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lb9DwNSzmToyMhl5qZG9QEFipH9ZmlnDNaVU1jYeqFc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Agenda item 1 - Onboarding Feedback Form - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Going over feedback questions and rationale

#### Decision Items:
- We put the Feedback form into the test
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] Review feedback next meeting [status] todo
- [action] Decide on rewards at the next meeting [status] todo

#### Agenda item 2 - Review Onboarding Workgroup Items - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should "Continuous Onboarding Report - Google Doc" be on the GitBook?

#### Decision Items:
- Include "sNET Onboarding session - Google Slides" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "SNET Onboarding WG Task Reward Sheet - Google Sheet" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 3 - Review Treasury Guild Items - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Should "SingularityNET Ambassador Program rewards - Google Sheet" be on the GitBook?
- Should "SingularityNET Treasury Distributions Export - Google sheet" be on the GitBook?

#### Decision Items:
- Include "Proposal Framework for Role proposals - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Quarterly Workgroup Budget Calculator - Google Sheet" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "SingularityNET Phase Two: Massive Token Utilization Toward Decentralized Beneficial AGI - Article" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Treasury Guild Proposal" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "WG quarterly report: Treasury Guild - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Action Items:
- [action] Import 2022 rewards on "SingularityNET Treasury Distributions Export - Google sheet" into Treasury Manager [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Agenda item 4 - Review Process Guild Items - [resolved]

#### Decision Items:
- Include "Voting / Consensus / Consent / Decision making in Ambassador Program - Miro Board" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Workgroup Types and Requirements Matrix Table - PDF" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Requirements to propose a Workgroup Space for Ambassador Program - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Include "Requirements to propose a Program for Ambassador Program - Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Agenda item 5 - Review Dework PBL Workgroup Items - [resolved]

#### Decision Items:
- Include "Dework PBL Q1 Proposal = Google Doc" in the GitBook
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Feedback Form, Onboarding Slides, Budget Request, Role Proposal Requirements, Quarterly Budget Calculator, SingularityNET Phase Two Proposal, Proposal, Quarterly Report, Reward Data, Decision Making Process, Workgroup Proposal Requirements, Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board
- emotions: Session items reviewing moved slowly as we had disagreements in many items and required discussions
- other: Stopped including workgroup assets used in Summary due to huge number of files

### Dework PBL

- Type of meeting: Biweekly
- People present: Tevo [facilitator], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Peter, Sucren, malik
- Purpose: This Workgroup focuses on creating educational project-based learning material for Dework on the Andamio platform in collaboration with Gimbalabs and Governance Guild
- Miro board: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/?moveToWidget=3458764575517374325&cot=10
- Working Docs:
  - [Dework PBL Q1 Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D-w4GgH3fdZLHSdNsQOXKoFjjWuuMLN9krVf1FFlB58/edit#heading=h.nva6wz8o1ckj)
  - [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVM7pbrUg=/)
  - [Dework PBL Course](https://instance-dework-pbl.vercel.app/course/module/101/overview)

#### Agenda item 1 - Review Lessons - [resolved]

#### Discussion Points:
- Are there any other lessons we should have?
- What do we do with the Meeting Summary Lesson?
- How do we manage various Course Feedback?

#### Decision Items:
- The "Sentiment Analysis" Lesson is good enough
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The "Course Feedback" Lesson is good enough
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- The "Outreaching Dework Tasks to wider Dework Community" Lesson is good enough
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup

#### Action Items:
- [action] The "Feedback Loop" lesson will be slightly updated  [assignee] André [status] todo
- [action] Update Lesson Feedback Form with newly added lessons [assignee] Tevo [status] todo

#### Keywords/tags:
- topics covered: Feedback Form, Outreach, Error, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio
- emotions: The meeting was quick and progressive