{
  "source": "supabase",
  "timestamp": "2025-03-31T08:15:58.719Z",
  "workgroup": "Treasury Guild",
  "meetingDate": "2024-12-16",
  "data": {
    "workgroup": "Treasury Guild",
    "workgroup_id": "cce85f76-c46d-44db-9605-aa55e28c8356",
    "meetingInfo": {
      "name": "Biweekly",
      "date": "2024-12-16",
      "host": "Tevo",
      "documenter": "Tevo, CallyFromAuron",
      "peoplePresent": "CallyFromAuron, effiom, SubZero, tevo",
      "purpose": "Structuring Ambassador rules around payments, tasks and anything related to financial activities",
      "miroBoardLink": "https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764607062092588&cot=10",
      "otherMediaLink": "https://app.dework.xyz/singularitynet-ambas/treasury-guild-87240",
      "workingDocs": [
        {
          "title": "Treasury Policy Submission Form (Responses)",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-tAwCD3vrXNSbUdQApljTVMfFGVDJo6PBdM39CO73Uk/edit?gid=1814531250#gid=1814531250"
        },
        {
          "title": "Treasury Policy Feedback (Responses)",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tlq_125RZp3C_uESRUy7mhYP1q7nbf7jdSE3b3iU46g/"
        },
        {
          "title": "Some possible approaches to budget fitting",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kzJ3tyWfK922Za4RqGu0QOM2aUCZ3dl5AYEpJc_kDtM/"
        },
        {
          "title": "Q4 Consent (Responses)",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q2-njlAwe6QPJYl78XrpXvhjB0v3sU39jN--LEYMKE4/"
        },
        {
          "title": "Ratify Treasury Policy - Slow Start",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeSZE1tOeBum-GlRYUSy2ApPSxTe7D8BBJPwwszfNLfOJJ0fA/viewform"
        },
        {
          "title": "Context setting for Core Contributor decision on Q4 budgets",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1epegnWB0OMmM2JdAgT_ENr8QiDn0lyg3f7eMDArY2qk/edit#heading=h.miolh5lubdj1"
        },
        {
          "title": "Treasury Guild Proposal Q1 2025",
          "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dxcnnRhG_kFBmtvlmuiZ-Ddx_tcCeT9wq0_InuSkeGs/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.9t5jkakh8028"
        }
      ]
    },
    "agendaItems": [
      {
        "agenda": "Guild Management",
        "status": "carry over",
        "discussionPoints": [
          "Reviewed Dework Tasks",
          "Should we move to fixed AGIX rewards?",
          "What are the upsides and downsides of fixed AGIX rewards?",
          "How do we approach planning the next Quarter's Treasury Guild Sessions?",
          "What are the main topics of the next Quarter's Treasury Guild Sessions?",
          "[Treasury Guild Calendar on Miro Board] (https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN8kUlbw=/?moveToWidget=3458764601622292432&cot=14)",
          "Who should be responsible for Q1 Meeting preparations?",
          "Checked Ambassador Program Q1 Budgets"
        ],
        "decisionItems": [
          {
            "decision": "Treasury Guild will move to fixed AGIX Ratio rewards in Quarter 1",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "Microsoft License costs (up to 3) will be taken from the support activity budget line",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "Notice! In Quarter 2, The Treasury Operators start to meet bi-weekly",
            "effect": "mayAffectOtherPeople"
          },
          {
            "decision": "Continue using the Meeting Summary rotation model that we started to experiment in Q4",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "Tevo can continue supporting the Meeting Preparations and coordination",
            "effect": "affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup"
          },
          {
            "decision": "The Ambassador Program Q1 Budgets are decided and approved.",
            "effect": "mayAffectOtherPeople"
          }
        ],
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "text": "Effiom to include hours to Dework Tasks",
            "assignee": "Effiom",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Check up with Onize to learn how much she spent on drafting Treasury Proposal",
            "assignee": "Onize",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Tevo to draft meeting Summary and upload in summary tool.",
            "assignee": "Tevo",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Vani to review and publish in Discord",
            "assignee": "CallyFromAuron",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Tevo to update Core Contributors in Discord",
            "assignee": "Tevo",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Tevo to update Treasury Manager Configuration to automatically calculate AGIX rewards based on task points",
            "assignee": "Tevo",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Draft Treasury Guild Quarter 1 Report",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Draft Treasury Guild Q2 Proposal",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Andre to update Quarter 1 2025 Budgets on Dashboard",
            "assignee": "André",
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "agenda": "Ambassador Program Reserves",
        "status": "carry over",
        "discussionPoints": [
          "How are reserves calculated? What is “Program reserves” and what is “WG reserves”?",
          "Do WorkGroup reserves get clawed back? - before 2023 it was done automatically and currently nothing in place for this",
          "How long should we wait for workgroups to use the leftover funds each WG is collecting? Should there even be a time limit?",
          "How flexible should budgets be - can WGs reallocate unspent funds to activities they need to do?",
          "Do reserves get clawed back, and if so, how and when? How should this be decided? e.g. a consent process to all Core Contributors?"
        ],
        "actionItems": [
          {
            "text": "Coordinate with Treasury Automation WG to improve calculations of reserves and have better overview of it in the dashboard.",
            "assignee": "Tevo",
            "status": "todo"
          },
          {
            "text": "Discuss the use of reserves in the next Town Hall on 7th Jan 2025, and in Governance WG; ensure everyone understands the current situation before asking for opinions on changing it",
            "status": "todo"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "tags": {
      "topicsCovered": "Quarter 1, Reporting, Quarter 2, Proposal, Budget , Guild Management, Documentation, treasury guild operations, Automation, Miro Board, Reserve, Fixed AGIX Rewards, Rewards"
    },
    "type": "Custom",
    "noSummaryGiven": false,
    "canceledSummary": false
  }
}